[ci-skip] Update the upgrade guides for Rails 7.1 regarding the breaking change of the location of secret_key_base in development/test environments (#52083)
rails/rails: guides/source/upgrading_ruby_on_rails.md

For more information on changes made to Rails 7.1 please see the [release notes](7_1_release_notes.html).

### Development and test environments secret_key_base file changed

In development and test environments, the file from which Rails reads the `secret_key_base` has been renamed from `tmp/development_secret.txt` to `tmp/local_secret.txt`.

You can simply rename the previous file to `local_secret.txt` to continue using the same secret, or copy the key from the previous file to the new one.

Failure to do so will cause Rails to generate a new secret key in the new file `tmp/local_secret.txt` when the app loads. 

> This will invalidate all existing sessions/cookies in development and test environments, and also cause other signatures derived from `secret_key_base` to break, such as ActiveStorage/ActionText attachments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will invalidate all existing sessions/cookies in development and test environments, and also cause other signatures derived from `secret_key_base` to break, such as Active Storage/Action Text attachments.
```
